I got some important e to tell you
chuckling your room chuckle me your ear
oh it's it bad important yeah come on in
I want to thanks the donation yo watch
this Oh cuz he said something to someone
donated in big long hard took her day to
reload your peptides yeah
what says I'm so confused I am too he
just came out of nowhere
Oh is he in your room right now he's
walking out right now what do I need him
you he's not important your dick sneeze
what what what happened alright in my
room they call me a dick sneeze why
because someone donated and told him to
do it
what's up fucked I was like genuinely
curious what could have been I was like
what could have been that important that
he decided to do that nope nothing
yes okay nothing is important as any
time you haven't heard the door knock
right I'm waiting on that AC unit and
don't me no knocking on the doors a
second hurry yeah yesterday oh it wasn't
the FedEx guy I told to go away was it
he was asking it gave me like a complete
weird name like Alan Johnson or
something are you kidding me
well heck are you fucking joking tom you
told him to go away
he's esperan alan johnson new vision oh
shit
I'm Troy you Joe dude I am so sorry I
would have accepted it if you would have
said like Tucker on me or even mother
oh it's you good yeah I don't know what
to do man
oh god yeah I know it's not your fault I
don't know why they'd ask for a Lenore
yeah damn it dude okay I'll just give
them a call right I'll shot I'll figure
self even better
surely knowing Tendo I know y'all
enjoyed seduced that was next level next
level
Oh God so dude I knew her Ellen Johnson
was oh my god I'm gonna kill you yes yes
sounds that was next-level Ian Craig
sure like subscribe you what would our
cracks well yeah I was like I was just
like yeah I'll just say I'm John six I
know that's who we're always emailing
about it sounds like yeah I'll just say
wish for Alan Johnson's that I knew that
would yeah yeah berrak was already super
hot cancel CUDA
you